(theme music playing)
(Angela) When I was little,
I, like, worshipped Halloween.
And, truthfully, part of me still does.
'Cause it's your one chance
all year to be someone else.
You're sure you don't want
to wear my flapper dress?
Why do you always ask me
everything 10 times? No.
-(Danielle) I can't be Catwoman!
-Okay. You want cereal?
(Angela)
I want to be someone else.
To wear, like, an actual costume to school
is, like, too scary.
No, thanks. I don't see
the point of wearing a costume.
I can't be Catwoman. Sherry
hickey's going to be Catwoman,
-and she's, like, developed.
-I thought she was going to be Madonna.
-(telephone rings)
-I'll get it.
She wants to be someone scary.
-Hello?
-Who's scarier than Madonna?
Uh, dad, Madonna peaked.
It's that Boyd guy.
Boyd. No, no. That's all right.
Is that the guy mom hired
to replace you?
No one can replace me. And, yes.
Well, no. Of course. I understand.
-Okay.
-(dog barking in distance)
I'll see you then.
(sighs)
He'll be a little late.
-Chiropractor.
-Again?
-Who should I be?
-Mom?
A pain in the butt, since you are.
I'd be you, but nobody can find
a mask that ugly.
-(scoffs)
-Danielle!
Danielle, let this be a lesson to you.
Don't always leave things
until the last minute.
You want to use
my flapper dress?
You asked me that 10 times.
You know what's happening? I'm sleeping...
Over at Rayanne's. I said you could.
Don't ask me everything 10 times.
-I meant that as a joke.
-Sure.
-(door opens)
-(Patty sighs)
So, you basically feel
like he's working out?
-(door closes)
-Boyd.
(sighs) What can I say?
He's always either coming late
or leaving early.
There's always some chiropractic
adjustment I have to hear about.
I mean, he means well, but...
wait. Who are we going to be?
-When we grow up?
-No!
At Camille's costume party tonight.
I hate Halloween.
Well, you got something.
You can wear that flapper dress.
I hate that flapper dress!
-(bell rings)
-(indistinct chatter)
-Hey, rat.
-Hey, rat girl.
I'm not a rat. I'm a cat.
Hey! Hands off the tail.
Watch your tail.
I'm a cat, okay? Deal with it.
(Angela)
People are wearing costumes.
Even teachers are wearing costumes.
I should've worn a costume.
But who would I be?
I can't believe people are walking
around dressed like idiots.
I wouldn't talk.
Okay, people,
we're starting a new unit this week.
You want to read new books.
You want to study. (chuckles)
Well, uh, in honor of all-saints eve,
we're going to be reading stories
about famous ghosts and spirits.
(class sighs)
Speaking of apparitions, where's Catalano?
Does anybody know Jordan Catalano?
(Angela)
That question, like, got to me.
I mean, I'd had seven conversations
with him
and one really bad kiss
and one amazing one.
Angela?
(Angela)
But did I, like, know him?
Sort of.
Tell him he better quit ditching class.
I want him here tomorrow,
or he'll be kicked out.
There are too many good kids.
I just don't have time for the bad ones.
-Okay, turn to page seven...
-(bell rings)
(bell ringing)
(door closes)
You know,
this is how drains get clogged.
This is how girls get foamy.
Whoa! Scary costume.
I got it from Brian Krakow.
I thought this Halloween,
I'd be everyone else.
-Angeleeka!
-You're Brian?
Wait till you see
what I brought you.
They're actual. It's not a costume.
They're, like, real.
Look, mohair.
Go try them on.
What, learner handed out
the new book this early?
Somebody's got to do something.
Halloween bites this year.
We got to find Tino.
Tino's Mr. Halloween.
See you on soc.
Oh, good. You're wearing a costume.
'Cause if more people
don't start wearing costumes,
they're going to be, like, discontinued.
-Cute rat suit.
-I'm a cat.
-(door bangs)
-Oh, my God.
That fits you perfect.
We got to do your hair
and makeup.
Don't you like to see
who else had the book...
(door closes)
-Nicky Driscoll?
-Lie.
-The Nicky Driscoll?
-See for yourself.
-Who's Nicky Driscoll?
-Unreal. There it is.
Oh, my God.
Didn't he, like, die on Halloween?
He didn't die on Halloween.
That's just a myth.
-He did so.
-Did not.
Who is Nicky Driscoll?
We heard about him freshman year.
It was, like, after this Halloween dance.
He and his friends decided to paint
the gym black, just to do it,
and he was up in the rafters.
And some moron girl leaves her spike
heel right in the middle of the floor.
Don't ask me why?
And so when he fell,
this humongous spike, like, stabbed him
right in the nostril.
-Gross.
-That's disgusting.
Eww! Shut up!
They just tell kids he died like that
so people won't climb the rafters.
-(toilet flushes)
-No. No, it's true.
Our moms even know about him.
It was the Halloween right
before Kennedy got shot.
I heard he was hanging this banner
that declared his love for some girl.
Nicky Driscoll.
This couldn't really be his book.
-It's a prank.
-Look, it's, like, faded.
He and my uncle's friend
were in the same class,
and my uncle said the night he died
there was this storm
and the electricity went out.
The next day,
they found out the electricity went out
at the exact same time that Nicky died.
My mom's sister once rode
on the back of his bike.
She was, like, 12
and said she was 15.
Those are her clothes.
-Do you want to stuff?
-Rayanne.
This is the way they did it
in the old days.
Ricky, you look good without makeup.
(serene music playing)
(humming "Blue Moon")
Oh, Ricky. It has pockets.
-Oh, Ricky, look.
-Oh, wow. That's so cool.
-What else do you know about him?
-About who?
You know, Nicky Catalano.
-You mean, Nicky Driscoll?
-Why, what'd I say?
Never mind.
I don't know much
about either of them.
-So, you coming to soc?
-In a minute.
(indistinct conversations)
-(bell dings)
-(Victrola playing in background)
Wow.
I told you there was a shop here.
(sighs)
Do you think I'll have to fire him?
Boyd? You're kidding?
It's just not working out. I mean...
-Hi. I...
-Please don't say you want Power Rangers.
We're out. Everybody's out.
Her friend's having a costume party.
-Camille is our friend.
-Not when she's having a costume party.
-I love your costume.
-What costume?
I got just what you need.
Rapunsel.
(mellow music playing)
-And a pirate.
-(chuckling)
-What's so funny?
-You as Rapunsel.
I mean, come on...
not that... well, you know.
Actually, you know,
I don't see myself in tights.
I would rather not be
a storybook character... if possible.
Today's Halloween.
Yesterday I coulda got you
Bill and Hillary.
Let this be a lesson.
Don't always leave things
till the last minute.
We'll take them.
Should we try them on or something?
Look, doll face,
I been doing this for a lot of years.
They'll fit like a glove, trust me.
-(bell rings)
-(indistinct chatter)
(dramatic music playing)
It's a costume.
I wouldn't really dress like this.
-I'm supposed to give you a message.
-From Tino?
-No. From Miss Learner.
-Who?
Miss learner... our English
teacher for over a month now.
She says you have
to start showing up...
to class, or she's going
to have you kicked out.
So, what's the message?
That you'll get kicked out of school.
Like it's doing so much for me.
You're welcome.
Don't you even care?
I'm having a brain hemorrhage.
This is such a great idea.
I can't even communicate with him.
Will you forget Catalano?
I finally got something going.
I told Tino about your book,
so we're going to meet here tonight
outside the school at like, nine,
'cause it's a witchy number,
and we're going to contact
the spirit of Nicky Driscoll.
Finally... it's Halloween.
Awooo! Awooo! Awooo! Awooo!
(laughs)
(dramatic music playing)
(suspenseful music playing)
(Angela)
When someone dies young,
it's like they stay that way... forever.
Like a vampire.
(suspenseful music continues playing)
(Angela gasps)
Oh. He's just your type.
Watch out for dead guys.
They'll break your heart.
I wanted to see what he looked like.
You'll be there tonight, right?
I mean, since he contacted you.
-Rayanne, stop.
-(Rayanne sighs)
I still can't look at him.
If he were alive today,
he'd be...
Who, Nicky?
That's easy. Some burnt-out greaser
with no teeth and a parole officer.
Oh, Rayanne, that's so unfair.
It seems like some people
have to die young.
-Like it fits them or something.
-(humming "Blue Moon")
Why are you singing that song?
'Cause Rickie was, I guess.
Angela, we have to do this.
I don't know.
It seems like such a sick idea.
So what's the downside?
I mean, contact him?
How?
I have trouble contacting living guys.
I don't even believe in ghosts.
Yeah, right.
That's why you ran here
to check his picture.
-I'll see you tonight.
-Shh!
I'm leaving. Keep your shroud on.
Angela and Nicky sitting in a tree...
I heard. Count me out.
-(engine starts)
-Oh. Nice and open-minded.
-Did those clothes go to your brain?
-Uh, Rickie.
-You know you want to.
-Can I talk to Rickie?
What am I, a receptionist?
It's no big deal.
About the clothes?
You can return them whenever...
if you need to keep them longer.
Why would he need to keep them longer?
The point of him wearing them
is that he'd never wear them.
She got out of the wrong side
of the coffin this morning.
(scoffs) Come on!
Help me figure out, like, what we bring.
I haven't raised the dead recently.
-Oh, like I have.
-So you guys are like...
-is there a party or something?
-Tino will know.
Tino and the forces of darkness
are like that.
I'm still counting on you,
Vasquez.
We will meet back here tonight,
nine o'clock, this very spot.
-Ah, ha, ha, ha, ha!
-Some crazy plan.
Yeah, I figured.
So, by "we," did she mean...
I mean, who exactly
did she mean?
Be glad you're not doing it.
It involves a ghost.
-It's a terrible idea.
-'Cause you don't believe in ghosts?
No. Because I do.
I'll return your clothes tomorrow.
-I'll even wash them and everything.
-(engine starts)
Oh, wait. Be careful.
You have to wash the pants separate.
I decided to make pumpkin soup.
I can't even bear
to look at him anymore. Boyd.
I've got to tell him he's fired.
Somehow.
Is this like when there's a spider
and you expect me to kill it for you?
What? (scoffs)
Nobody's expecting you to kill anything.
You're not involved
in the business anymore.
I've accepted that. (sighs)
The longer I put it off,
the worse it gets.
I've just got to do it.
It needs something.
I thought you'd already gone off
with Courtney.
Camille is sending Sharon over
to pick up this chafing dish.
Will you give it to her?
Mom, Sharon Cherski and I exist
in, like, two different worlds, okay?
I can't just hand her a dish, okay?
I mean, it's just not that simple.
(dog barking indistinctly)
I'm doing Angela.
Pretty good, huh?
I thought it was starting all over again.
-Very convincing.
-My God, that was really scary.
Your mother and I have to change
into our idiotic costumes,
so, uh, you be back over
at Courtney's by ten o'clock.
Ten o'clock? On Halloween?
Very good. It sounded just like Angela.
-That was me.
-Ten o'clock.
(dogs barking in distance)
It's a shame.
He seemed like such a nice guy.
Doesn't change anything though.
Just seems...
you can't expect him to be perfect.
I'm not perfect.
You didn't fire me.
-Oh. Well...
-Technically I did.
-Technically... you did.
-Check out the wig.
Oh, I can't handle this.
-Nobody is asking you to fire him.
-No, I mean this. They're purple.
I kind of like them.
The point is, I hired someone.
(sighs)
It's not working.
I'll deal with it.
God, I can hardly breathe.
I just hope... I mean, suppose
his kids suddenly need braces
-or something, you know? This is wrong.
-It has to be this way.
I mean... he means well, but...
this is so tight.
It's not that I wouldn't do it for you.
Because if you want me to do it...
It's just that...
it's so scary to have to fire someone.
(serene music playing)
There are worse things
in this world, believe me.
(Patty sighs)
I just can't help picturing
his poor little children...
without braces. (deep sigh)
-If only there was some way out.
-Forget those little rug rats.
He leaves early to go to the chiropractor,
I'll fire him myself, the filthy cur.
Graham.
That sounds so...
cutthroat.
Well, all is fair in love and war.
(dramatic music playing)
-(doorbell rings)
-(door opens)
-Hi.
-The chafing dish is in here.
(kids indistinctly)
Trick or treat.
What are you,
a mouse or something?
(sighs) Yeah. I'm a mouse.
Oh, my God! You're Angela!
-I can't talk about it, okay?
-Only...
Angela would stand more like...
this.
Like the shirt's her only friend
or something.
Well, I got to go.
Oh. Trick-or-treating, huh?
There's this house on Rossmore,
and they made, like, a haunted house.
Then on Courtney's street,
they give really good candy.
-Where are you going?
-Out. With my boyfriend.
Wow.
-Well, bye.
-Bye.
(door opens, closes)
-(door opens, closes)
-Danielle, wait.
(suspenseful music playing)
Angela.
(gasps) What are you doing here?
Nothing.
-It's public property.
-(Rayanne sighs)
I'm locked out of my house.
-Where's...where's Angela?
-(Rayanne sighs)
She said she heard something
or something.
-I think I spooked her.
-What are you doing here?
-It's public property.
-I left my keys in your pants.
(laughs)
-I mean, in my pants.
-(Rayanne chuckles)
I guess it was the wind.
I mean, I heard something.
You're here?
-He left his keys in Rickie's pants.
-Oh, no.
(both laugh)
-Let's go!
-Feel my bag.
Feel mine.
I can't believe I almost missed this.
Promise me you won't let boys
drain the fun out of your life.
I promise. I wish you were my sister.
-Danielle.
-I hate her.
I do.
Okay. You hate her.
So... why'd you want to be her,
if you hate her so much?
I'll trade you this jawbreaker
for that sucker.
Deal.
(Sharon chuckles)
This is the last time
I'll listen to Tino.
It's weird to be here at night.
-Who's Tino?
-A dead man.
It's Halloween!
I say...
I say we break into school
and write, "Nicky Driscoll was here"
on the gym floor in red lipstick.
-That's a terrible idea.
-Come on! We'll be legendary.
They won't forget us.
We'll be like Nicky.
-Excuse me. Nicky got killed.
-Come on, Rayanne.
There's no way we could break in
without setting off the alarm.
There's got to be a way.
I'll ask Brian.
Brian knows some clever chess club way,
don't you?
-Oh, my God.
-What?
-You know a way in.
-I do not.
-I don't believe it.
Oh, but, Brian,
you could never risk such a risk.
-Could you, Mr. Brilliant future?
-Shut up.
My life's complicated enough.
Count me out.
We're going in with you or without you.
If it's without you, then we'll have to
get in and out before the cops come.
(clock chimes)
(metal thuds)
Man... an a-v graveyard.
-Whoa!
-Why are you doing this?
What about you?
Let go of my arm.
You could get into trouble.
You could screw up your whole life.
At least... at least I'll know I'm alive.
Hey, maybe the cafeteria's
unlocked. Come on!
-(Rayanne chuckles)
-(door shrieks)
We're in! Whoo-hoo! Ow!
(suspenseful music playing)
-(door shuts)
-What the hell was that?
-Oh, no. No. No!
-Let me think.
-You locked us in!
-Shut up! Let me think.
Okay. I know where the computer
is for the security system.
I'll shut off the system,
and then we can leave through another
exit without triggering the alarm.
-Were you looking at me?
-No!
-Where's Angela?
-There she is. Angela!
Meet us in the gym.
We got something to take care of.
(suspenseful music playing)
(door closes)
Come on. Did you do it yet?
Krakow, huh?
-Will you please...
-(alarm blaring silently)
Hey, turn them back on. Krakow!
Joke's over.
Turn the lights back on.
There must be...
some aspect of the system
I'm not... familiar with.
("Blue Moon" plays)
(intense music playing)
♪ Blue moon ♪
♪ You saw me standing alone ♪
-(door creaks)
-♪ Without a dream in my heart ♪
This is the last time
I let them use my 45s.
They scratched my Mathis
and my Ricky Nelson.
-So, Nicky never showed, huh?
-I don't care.
Did they scratch your Elvis?
(intense music continues playing)
♪ Without a love of my own ♪
♪ Blue moon ♪
(humming)
(Angela) My so called life
will continue here on ABC.
(theme music playing)
(indistinct conversations)
Oh. Sorry. Public property.
-Well, I... I was just leaving, so...
-Wish I was.
Every year, we come out here,
we tear up the track,
and throw garbage cans over.
God. It's getting old.
-Well, can't you just go?
-No. No.
We still got to find the guy
who egged Tino's car.
That's like...
something I can't get out of.
-(garbage cans clatter)
-(guys laughing)
It's always the same.
But you come because
you think... you know...
maybe something cool
will happen.
'Cause what if something did...
happen...
-and you missed it?
-(guys laughing)
-(garbage cans crash)
-You better get out of here.
These guys are pretty ripped.
Okay.
(guys laughing)
♪ Johnny angel ♪
♪ You're an angel to me ♪
Connie, help me with these decorations.
-Nicky gave you that?
-Yeah.
-Probably stole it off somebody's grave.
-Connie!
He and those creepos he hangs out
with went to the cemetery tonight.
So? He really likes you.
I don't care if he does.
He's a loser, Ruthie.
Nicky Driscoll's going nowhere.
I'm not going with him.
Are they even?
Left one needs more.
(song playing in background)
♪ I get carried away ♪
♪ I dream of you and me ♪
♪ And how it's gonna be... ♪
Come on, Nicky!
(intense music playing)
(intense music continues)
-Trick or treat!
-Ohh.
Thank you.
-Can I have one more piece? Thank you.
-Happy Halloween.
-Bye.
Those children, so...
-innocent. So sweet.
-So tender.
(dramatic music playing)
-We'll be late.
-I'll be quick.
-(music continues, stops abruptly)
-(doorbell rings)
-I'm not that quick.
-Trick or treat.
(knocking)
-Trick or treat!
-One for... you.
-Thank you.
-One for you.
-For you.
-And one for you.
-Bye-bye.
-Happy Halloween.
-Good night. Bye.
All set. You got the car keys?
Yeah.
(dramatic music playing)
-Ohh, Graham. Your sword.
-Sorry.
(dramatic music continues playing)
(dress rips)
(doorbell rings)
-(Graham sighs)
-(children speaking indistinctly)
Trick or treat! Whoa!
(dramatic music playing)
No. Leave the tights on,
just a few minutes more. Please.
-We got to find Angela.
-We can't.
We looked. Get over it.
So dark.
Why does it got to be so dark?
-It's your fault. You were looking at me.
-You were scoping my legs
and let the stupid door shut.
You must be so hard up.
-Where you going?
-Anywhere you're not.
Brian. Brian, don't go!
I'm scared.
I'm scared of the dark, okay?
Have fun telling
all your little friends.
You are?
-I mean, it just...
-(water dripping)
doesn't seem like...
something you'd be.
Yeah, well, I am. (sighs)
Is there a reason... why?
'Cause when I was a kid...
my dad would come home,
wigged out of his mind...
and he'd lock me
in the basement.
Oh, my God.
I'd sleep at the foot
of the stairs 'cause...
if I pressed my face against the floor,
I could see the light
that we left on in the hallway.
But if I turned around...
it would be...
so dark.
(Rayanne laughs)
-You bought that.
-You are sick.
Well, you... you expected
this big explanation. (laughing)
I don't know why I'm scared
of the dark.
My dad never came home,
so that had nothing to do with it.
-I saw you watching me.
-I'm just...when?
Today. Shaving my legs.
Well, yeah. Um... look, I'm...
my hobby is photography.
So I'm, like, trained.
To notice stuff.
Being the stuff people notice
is...
is, like, my hobby.
I mean, I live for it.
Just don't leave me alone here,
okay?
Okay.
(intense music playing)
It's a kick. Billy, come on.
You're getting soft on me.
It's that homecoming brat.
Come on, Nick.
We gotta hang principal jerkface.
Why? Why?
-'Cause we gotta do it.
-You're crazy.
I'm doing it for us.
He can't get away
with kicking us out of school.
Billy, come on. Forget it, man.
(intense music playing)
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, so...
I'm at Brad's right now,
and he's pretty sick.
But I really shouldn't leave him.
-Um, his parents?
-They're out of town.
They're out of town.
Well, no, we're not unsupervised.
-His grandmother's here.
-His grandmother's here...
-But she's asleep.
-...but she's asleep.
So I really should stay.
Yeah, I'll call you in the morning.
-No, don't call here.
-You'll wake their grandmother.
Oh, you'll wake up his grandma,
and...
she's... exhausted.
She needs rest.
Uh, mom... mom, mom,
I'll call you in the morning. Yes.
Okay.
(water dripping)
("Blue Moon" plays)
-I like this song.
-I know.
You know, I heard Elvis was
only our age when he recorded this.
Where'd you get the flower?
-I, uh...
-She threw it away, huh?
Yeah, well...
I'm out of her league.
She thinks I'm a loser.
-No.
-What do you mean "no"?
She's right.
Wait. Where are you going?
-Going to help a friend do something.
-No, don't. Please don't.
I got to now.
Can't get out of it.
No. You're going to get hurt.
-At least I'll know I'm alive.
-You're not. You're not alive.
You threw your life away
for no reason.
-See ya.
-No! Wait!
Nicky, wait! (echo)
(suspenseful music playing)
(birds chirping, dogs barking at distance)
Hey.
-No more candy.
-Mom, I know.
Bet you, you're glad
to be yourself again, huh?
Better get out of your sister's room.
(serene music playing)
-Aah!
Angela.
-Nicky?
-Very funny.
Man... you sleep like this
stoner I knew.
He was, like, dead.
We had to check his breath
with a mirror.
I've tried to wake you
for five minutes.
We got to jam
before everyone gets here.
Oh, that's cool. George is my man.
He won't tell,
'cause there's nothing to tell,
'cause we were never here. Right, George?
Come on.
Sorry we didn't show, Camille.
No, it must've been something
we ate,
because suddenly something
just... came over us.
Anyway, I'm sorry
we didn't make it.
I wouldn't say we didn't make it.
I'm sorry. What? Camille?
No, no. Of course,
we had costumes. We were all set to go.
Bill and Hillary.
-Okay. I'll talk to you later.
-(slams telephone)
Why'd you tell Camille
we were the Clintons?
(scoffs) I don't know.
It just... seemed easier.
I mean...
what is the deal with Rapunsel anyway?
Is she a princess?
Is she under a spell? I mean...
all anybody ever remembers is
that she had this really long hair,
and she was locked up
in some kind of a...
Prison.
She let her hair down...
and he climbs...
and climbs and climbs.
This bodice is ripped.
Wow. I did that?
I guess you don't know
your own strength.
Patty, you want me to fire that guy?
Part of me wants you to.
Part of me wants you to want me to.
-(Patty chuckles)
-(telephone rings)
Hello?
Oh, hello, Boyd.
Boyd, um, there's something
that I've got to say
and there's really no great way
to say it, so...
I'm just going to say it...
because, um...
the truth is, Boyd,
I don't think you're
the right person for this job.
Well, I'm sorry.
Nobody likes to hear these things.
It's never fun, but, um...
in my experience, you've just got to.
Face it.
Well, no. I didn't see it
coming either, but...
Hey, Brian.
Um, here's your clothes.
I washed them, cold.
You will not believe...
you will not believe
what we did last night.
Yeah, I know.
Rayanne told me all about it.
-I should've done it, right?
-So...
what did Rayanne say happened?
Actually, she said that
nothing happened, that it was...
a total waste of time.
Well...
yeah. It was.
-(bell rings)
-(locker door slams)
(indistinct conversations)
(bell dings)
Hi.
I'd like to return these.
-There was a... slight accident.
-Bodice get ripped?
Yes...
as a matter of fact. Why?
Has that happened before?
Happens every time.
That's Rapunsel for you.
I'll, pay you for the damage.
No charge. No damage.
No harm done.
Well, thank you.
I was wondering...
do you ever... I mean...
-(Patty chuckles nervously)
-You want to keep the costumes?
Well, I was...
-I was... thinking... about it.
-Of course, you were.
I don't really know that I'd...
actually it seems kind of silly.
Actually, I mean...
Halloween is over, and...
what would we do with them
for the rest of the year? I...
it wouldn't... better not.
You're the boss.
-Where's the handkerchief?
-(cars honking)
What? You mean it isn't in here?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I don't know, um, what...
(sighs) what...
happened to it.
-That I'll have to charge you for.
-Of course.
(mellow music playing)
(indistinct conversations)
(bell rings)
-You're not going to class?
-What's it to you?
You know, you're going
to get expelled.
Don't you care?
-It don't matter.
-Of course, it matters.
She's looking to throw me out, okay?
She's been waiting for this.
She thinks I'm a loser.
You're crazy to let her tell you
what you are.
What are you talking about?
She doesn't know you.
She doesn't know who you are.
-You can't let her decide what you do.
-I decide what I do!
Maybe I want to get kicked out.
It doesn't mean people can't try
and stop you and tell you.
I know you think,
how could someone like me understand?
Only I do.
(footsteps receding)
Okay, people.
Come on.
Let's try to look alive.
I know we all have candy hangovers.
Today we are going to be visiting
Mr. Dickens' world of dark factories,
gray skies, lost souls.
Ah, speaking of which, Mr. Catalano,
how nice to see you.
Are you just visiting, or are you
going to stay with us for a while?
(upbeat music playing)
All right, people.
If you would turn to page 27.
Now, who would like to start
the reading today?
Oh, come on, people.
I know we're all tired,
but I had far more chocolate
than you did.
Let's get into
the spirit of things...
(upbeat music continues playing)
(theme music playing)